Bug: 1883036 - Option to not redeploy the service signer (#25976)
openshift/openshift-docs: install_config/redeploying_certificates.adoc

annotations to appropriate services.
====

> You can configure parameter `openshift_redeploy_service_signer=false` in the inventory file to skip the redeployment of service signer certificate if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the `openshift_redeploy_service_signer=false` parameter in the inventory file to skip the redeployment of service signer certificate, if required.
```

> You can set the `openshift_redeploy_service_signer=false` parameter in the inventory file to skip the redeployment of service signer certificate, if required.

Reviewer 2: "redeployment **_the_** service signer certificate"?

> Service Signer certificate is redeployed during the master certificate redeployment when the parameter `openshift_redeploy_openshift_ca=true` is defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set `openshift_redeploy_openshift_ca=true` in the inventory file, the service signing certificate is redeployed when you redeploy the master certificates.
```

> If you set `openshift_redeploy_openshift_ca=true` in the inventory file, the service signing certificate is redeployed when you redeploy the master certificates.

Reviewer 3: Seen from the code https://github.com/openshift/openshift-ansible/pull/12237/files#diff-f98bfc903bb7557da252f46ccb7f880098e9bd44870e135829704504b479770aR74
Only when openshift_redeploy_openshift_ca=true and openshift_redeploy_service_signer=true(default(true)) , service signing certificate would be redeployed.
If openshift_redeploy_openshift_ca=false or not set, the service signer cert is always not redeployed.

Reviewer: @vwalek, will you address this comment and squash?

Author: @kalexand-rh  You want to change the text into `Only when openshift_redeploy_openshift_ca=true and openshift_redeploy_service_signer=true(default(true)) , service signing certificate would be redeployed. If openshift_redeploy_openshift_ca=false or not set, the service signer cert is always not redeployed.`

Reviewer: @gpei, will you please take another look?
